hi you guys this is Heather again with
the pampered chef and I just wanted to
address something that I know is kind of
a big issue for a lot of consultants I
know that many consultants after a
certain point in their business just
kind of decide that there's nobody else
that you can talk to about doing a show
you're kind of you know you've run out
of people to to ask to do shows and you
don't feel comfortable asking your
family members again which is totally
normal and yeah at some point the
reality is you do run out of close
friends and family to ask to do shows
well what I wanted to talk to you guys
about is just kind of an option that
I've found um you know besides really
trying to get those bookings from new
people that you meet at your cooking
shows I just wanted to show you guys
what I've come up with for getting even
more outside business this is my drawing
box that I came up with I don't know if
you can see the UH it says enter to win
an exclusive help with cancer it's that
bellover pink product from the pampered
chef and I have I'm keeping because I
earned the the whole help whipped cancer
all the products and I'm gonna keep my
large batter bowl but I was going to
give away my small pink batter bowl as a
drawing prize but what I did is I
contacted damn anyway I contacted a
couple of businesses that are in my area
and different ones there's a lot of
different options consignment stores
pretty much anybody who doesn't sell
cooking supplies cooking utensils and
tools and food items is a good potential
business for you to do this at local
businesses especially they tend to be
more excited about helping out another
fellow small business person or local
business person but anyway so all I did
was I emailed I got their contact
information and emailed a couple of
different businesses and asked them if
they would be okay with me putting out a
drawing box for one week in their store
up by the register and so that they can
win
and then also I have my little kind of
companion basket here that has some
recipe cards and then it's got some
little mini catalogs in it because
obviously I want people to to get even
more information because they're giving
me their information but I want them to
have guessed at by anyway um so I wanted
to have something that they could take
with them as well just because you know
you just want to get your name out there
but I just the whole point of this
really is just to show you guys that
this is an option if you're desperate
for out for some new business and you're
like I said you've kind of run out of
people and your family and friends to
have host a show which happens to
everybody and you just need to start to
expand this is a really good idea do a
drawing it doesn't have to be for a pink
product that's just what I chose to do
but you can set out one of these little
boxes and they're easy to make I got
this box from Michaels I think it was
like a dollar and then they have these
cute different types of duct tape I
liked the pink kind of zebra tiger
stripe and then just some little cute
embellishments and just make it pretty
this I just printed out I made it with
PicMonkey and I can I found a couple of
pictures and then I opened the the
picture up in paint and just typed that
in because I as far as I know you I
don't think you can type stuff do word
document stuff on paint won't keep it
anyway um so yeah I cut a hole in this
and I have my little drawing slips and
I'll have a pen and then this and so
that's my whole display but um and it's
really simple it's really cheap if
you've anything like this that you get
any crafting anything like this keep
their seats because that's definitely a
tax write-off it's business-related
but anyway you guys know if that helps I
hope that if you're stuck that this will
give you some inspiration and you can do
with it whatever you want but I just
thought I would give you guys some
encouragement and advice if you're
feeling like you've run out of people to
talk to and run out of new business for
yourself so give that a try you guys and
if you're successful I'd love to hear
about it so comment below if you guys
are successful with that alright have a
great day bye